Mr. Shen
You talk
Are you avoiding me?
Just because my spirit bone is damaged, I can't give you fame
Has it shifted the target now?
I can't believe you have no feelings for me at all
Excuse me.
But there can be no next time.
I know, I was wrong.
I originally came here to find Shen Changzong
Look for clues about your mother's last soul
But he's dead now. He's dead.
Yeah, so here we are.
It can only be saved in other ways
My passion has been restored
It shows that my feelings for Shen Xiujing are real
Mr. Shen, in fact, I
What's up?
I'd better tell him about the seven things later
You're fine, answer the phone first
Hello, Master Shen
The board has arrived
Are you going to the company?
I'll go with you.